Then I won’t hold back anymore.
Alright.
Just messing with you.
But as you can see, my clothes are stained all over.
I still need to do something about it.
Hello, Jin.
Bring me a fresh outfit from the wardrobe, would you?
Is there a hotel around here?
There's one upstairs.
Send it to the hotel as soon as you can.
I'll go change my clothes first, then.
Alright.
Alo
You guys rehearse first.
Ye Qi Luo and I will be over soon.
Xiao Jian, could you give me a hand?
Sure.
Could you pull this for me?
You really have a unique way of asking for help.
Mr. Duan, what do you mean?
You already know, and you're still asking?
From the first time I met you
has begun to seduce you.